
{'userEmail': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType-': 'Info', 'message': 'Learning model User details identified.', 'MethodName': 'TrainModel'}
{'userEmail': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType-': 'Info', 'message-': ('Training model initiated at -', datetime.datetime(2023, 8, 20, 15, 54, 25, 657111), '-'), 'MethodName-': 'TrainModel2Api', 'Payload': {'modelName': 'Contract Manufacturing Agreement_Template 2_CAPlura_Dev Project2', 'trainingData': [{'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': '7c77e635-775b-4d86-9676-368ec13b50c0'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35563, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}], 'fileID': '4587397b-ed1e-4a71-aa4d-3a637a694c57'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}], 'fileID': '98b23c62-76ce-486a-98a5-0e5a3cd6f5e0'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '5d840fcc-0e97-4de2-b8b4-3e42c85a7128'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36421, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}], 'fileID': '146accd4-fab8-48e4-acb5-db0d3f83e419'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}], 'fileID': '36767163-903a-4288-8d9f-d081d02f41b1'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': '591df019-c5d9-4774-b024-87c363bca1a7'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': 'db0de015-db50-4a4f-a177-7a8e0e67a1c1'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}], 'fileID': '9c0229e8-4799-471b-bc2d-8ef2829485ad'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36421, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}], 'fileID': '3a29d340-9c84-4198-83eb-1773d88e1de8'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '6a381b70-b067-42b1-a156-9aab8e9c84d3'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}], 'fileID': 'c2c6774b-c2bc-411b-a5f1-cfe12a7fb9ad'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}], 'fileID': 'ce336829-de6d-4374-a179-a32a55cfa17c'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '52660705-bb6d-4a46-bd46-085ea720606a'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': 'e70edba7-8066-4c64-b8a9-c99b094b36ad'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}], 'fileID': '3a25eed3-8d21-42d8-b763-66df71a0b9a9'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': 'e7608f42-aa1e-47cc-b6d1-5381aa1a8f1e'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}], 'fileID': '994304cc-349d-4a76-8176-3f262c0284a7'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': '0d349faa-46a9-4999-af89-24a984bccc96'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}], 'fileID': '53c55572-02de-4ea9-9875-8abcc6044e77'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}], 'fileID': '7074bc1d-e1fb-456f-b04d-b7eda627835a'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}], 'fileID': '8ee79565-8bf8-46ee-b0b6-d7465e37c6ab'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36423, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}], 'fileID': 'd6ce176f-36ae-4e05-b81f-1ef69bf9ca5b'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}], 'fileID': 'f7218efd-7760-414f-80d2-a8a110b974be'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '3d9752b7-2f69-4784-9f24-5c421319abda'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': 'f6a8acc6-8f47-4e72-b72a-3b4541d11866'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}], 'fileID': 'e74c532c-895e-4531-84e5-04b8c0009dc8'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}], 'fileID': '1e032d96-ff59-43ed-baa5-4774059d4437'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '7e404720-25a7-4314-a438-68853a13f00b'}, {'text': 'CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT is made and executed on this the 1 9 - May - 201 9 between XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED, a company incorporated as per the laws of lndia, having its registered office at 30 / M , 1st Floor P l ot No . 7, W is er Industrial Area, Thane - 4006 01 India and having its Corporate office at Nexus IV , OPP . MP S, Bangalore 5 7 00 45 (hereinafter referred to as ~Buyer~, which expression shall repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns); of the ONE PART And JKL LIFESCIENCES LIMITED a co mpany incorporated as per the laws of India, having its registered office at S.C.O. 1 6 - 1 7, Sector: 17 , Chandigarh - 16002 0 India and having its (hereinafter referred to as ~ Manufacturer ~, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or m eaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its administrators, successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART . Buyer and Manufacturer are, wherever the context so requires, hereinafter collectively referred to as the ~Parties~ and individually as ~ Party. Recital Buyer is engaged in the business of manufacturing & marketing of several medicinal and pharmaceutical preparations and Buyer is a Subsidiary of XYZ Scientific limited and is desirous of engaging Manufacturer to manufacture and supply pha rmaceutical preparations (as defined hereinafter) which Buyer proposes to market under its own Trade Mark/Trade Name. Manufacturer has represented that it has an approved facility in its own name and has the capacity and ability to manufacture pharmaceutic al preparations as per the prescribed quality standards. Buyer has approached Manufacturer for the above purpose and Manufacturer has agreed to manufacture the said Product(s) for Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement NOW, THE REFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, Manufacturer and Buyer do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient or ~API~ shall mean t he active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the Product. 1.2 Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a party to this Agreement; each of the wor ds ~control~ or ~controlled~ shall mean ownership of any such Person which is not less than 20% plus one share, or the right to elect the majority of the board of directors or such other similar governing body. 1.3 Agreement means this agreement along with its Annexure and any mutually agreed modifications to such Agreement. 1.4 Batch means a defined quantity of Product which has been produced during a defined cycle of manufacture, and which is identified by a unique production number. 1.5 Confidential Information means all nonpublic information, of a party which is accessible by or is available to the other party directly or indirectly, whether in writing, oral, graphic, visual or any other tangible, intangible or electronic form including, without limitation, any and all information relating to such party~s and/or its client~s (whether past, present, or future), financial data, financial results and projections, costs and prices, details of suppliers, retainers, employees and consultants (p ast, present or prospective), technologies, technical and business strategies, business and marketing plans, marketing and sales techniques, pricing and other strategies, product descriptions, development schedules, product positioning, choices of product names, trade secrets or know how, customer information and Intellectual Property Rights (defined later) as well as any such information not generally known to third parties or received from others that such party is reasonably expected to treat as confiden tial; 1.6 EX Works means JKL plant at Baddi H.P. 1.7 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Manufacturer located at Plot No. 1, Industrial Area, Sector 227 , Chandigarh, India 1 .8 Intellectual Property means all forms of intellectual property subsisting under the laws of India and all analogous rights subsisting under the laws of other jurisdictions and shall include any legally protectable product or process of the human intellect whether registerable as patents, trademarks, copyrights, designs or otherwise such as an invention, expression or literary creation, unique name, trade secret, business method, database, industrial process, computer program, source code, process, presentation and other Confidential Infor mation. 1.9 Intellectual Property Rights or ~IPR~ means all rights, benefits, title or interest in or to any Intellectual Property, anywhere in the world (whether registered or not and including all applications for the same). 1.10 Materials and Components means all raw materials and components other than API, and such printed packaging materials and labels as are necessary to package the Product for distribution. 1. 11 Price means the price of the Product as mentioned in Annexure - 1. 1.12 Product(s) which a re the subject of this agreement are listed in Annexure - 1. 1.13 Product Specifications means the specifications for the Product filed with appropriate Regulatory Authorities, including Product formula and materials required for the manufacture of the Prod uct, which specifications may be amended from time to time by the written agreement of the parties. 1.14 Regulatory Authority shall mean the local government in the Territory or the relevant statutory and regulatory authorities in the Territory, which is a uthorized to grant authorizations for the registration, importation, marketing, storage and distribution of the Product within the Territory or otherwise authorized to approve facilities to be used for the manufacture of the Products in the Territory; 1.15 Specifications mean the exact description of the composition of the Product which is required to be manufactured by Manufacturer. 1.16 Territory means India 2. Construction 2.1 Any reference in this Agreement to any Statute or statutory provision shall be construed as including a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended modified extended or re - enacted whether before or after the date of this Agreement and to all statutory instruments orders and regulations for the time being made pursuant to it or deriving validity from it. 2.2 All references in this Agreement to Articles are to articles in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified therein. The words ~hereof~, ~herein~ and ~hereunder~ and words of similar import wh en used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words ~include~, ~including~ and ~among~ ~other things~ shall be deemed to be followed by ~without limitation~ or ~but not limited to~ whether or not they are followed by such phrases or words of like import. 2.3 References in this Agreement to any document or agreement shall be deemed to include references to such document or agreement as amended, varied, restated, supplemented or r eplaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and to include any side letters executed in connection therewith, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 2.4 The headings of the several Articles and sub clauses of this Agreement are intended for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision therein. 2.5 The Recitals of this Agreement shall form a valid and binding part of this Agreement and constitute accurate statements and representati ons about and on behalf of the parties. 2.6 Unless otherwise stated time will be the essence of contract for the purpose of the obligations under this Agreement. 2.7 References to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form. 2.8 References to a term, which is defined in another agreement, shall be to such term as defined therein whether or not such other agreement is then in effect. 3. Appointment 3.1 Buyer does hereby appoint and engage Manufacturer for the manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products specified in Annexure - 1 hereto subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, which appointment Manufacturer does hereby in consideration of the payment of amounts set out in this Agree ment by Buyer accept upon the terms and conditions contained herein. 3.2 The parties clarify and declare that the arrangement envisaged under this Agreement is on a principal - to - principal basis. Neither this Agreement nor Manufacturer~ performance of oblig ations under this Agreement shall create an association, partnership, joint venture, or relationship of principal and agent, master and servant, or employer and employee, between Manufacturer and Buyer or the employees and subcontractors of each, if any; a nd neither party shall have the right, power or authority (whether expressed or implied) to enter into or assume any duty or obligation on behalf of the other party. 3.3 Buyer shall have Exclusive Buying Rights (EBRs) for the said Product(s) as listed in A nnexure - I hereto from Manufacturer during the term of this Agreement. 4. Manufacturing of Product 4.1 Upon receipt of the regulatory approvals, Manufacturer shall upon instructions from Buyer, commence commercial supply of the Product as set forth herein: (a) All Products manufactured pursuant to this Agreement (i) shall be manufactured in accordance with the manufacturing processes and quality control standards, as set forth in the Quality Agreement in Annexure ~ II and as per the terms of regulato ry approval and Marketing Authorizations granted by the Regulatory Authorities the ~Manufacturing Process~~ ), (ii) shall conform to the Product Specifications. Manufacturer shall not make any changes to the Manufacturing Processes, or the Product Specifications without the prior written approval of Buyer. (b) The Product shall be manufactured at the Facility. Manufacturer shall maintain its systems and equipment at the Facility in a state of current validation (usual wear and tear expected) and shall promptly notify Buyer upon becoming aware that the condition of any of its systems or equipment may adversely af fect its ability to manufacture Product pursuant to this Agreement. 4.2 API, Materials and Components Manufacturer shall be responsible for either itself manufacturing or procuring the API, Materials and Components as are necessary to manufacture the Pro duct. Buyer shall have the right to test and analyze (or cause Manufacturer to do so at Buyer~ cost) all API, Materials and Components used in manufacturing the Product and Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer and take all such actions as Buyer may reas onably request in connection therewith. 4.3 Forecasts, Orders and Delivery Date 4.3.1 Manufacturer shall manufacture the Product in such quantities as are ordered by Buyer from time to time by written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer. Each purcha se order shall specify a delivery date following the date of the purchase order (unless Buyer and Manufacturer shall mutually agree upon an earlier delivery date) and Manufacturer shall use its reasonable efforts to manufacture the quantity of Product requ ested and meet the delivery date specified in the purchase order. 4.3.2 Manufacturer shall confirm the acceptance of buyer~s purchase order in writing upon receipt thereof from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be deemed to have accepted Buyer~s firm orders, if M anufacturer has made no written objection to Buyer within five (5) days after receipt of such order. Manufacturer may indicate an alternate delivery date or may choose to deliver only part of quantities requested by Buyer under a purchase order. 4.3.4 Bu yer recognizes that the Products are manufactured by Manufacturer in batch sizes of predetermined quantities. Hence, unless Buyer agrees to purchase the entire batch size of the Product ordered, Manufacturer shall make best efforts to supply the Product wi thin the timeframe specified by Buyer. 4.4 Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Regulatory Approvals (a) In manufacturing, packaging and labeling the Product and otherwise carrying out its obligations under this Agreement, Manufacturer shall at all times (i) comply with applicable laws (including those applicable to the business of Manufacturer and to the manufacture of the Product), (ii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct its business and manufacture the Product. (b) In connection with the manufacture of the Product, Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws, rules, regulations or other req uirements relating to the handling, generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal or other management of waste and regulated substances, including, without limitation, solid and hazardous waste and hazardous and toxic substances and materials . Buyer shall solely be responsible for the transportation, storage, distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory. 5. Price of Commercial Product 5.1 Buyer shall pay to Manufacturer the Price for Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to the provisi ons of Section 4.3 and delivered to and accepted by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 8.2 as per the Price mentioned in Annexure - 1. The prices shall be subject to change in case of any revision in statutory levies or imposition of new ta xes etc., as and when applicable and at the mutual consent of both Parties. 5.2 Manufacturer shall invoice Buyer upon delivery of each shipment of Product. Buyer shall pay within 60 days to the manufacturer from invoice date after dispatch of goods. 6. Title to Product; Risk of Loss Title in and to the Product shall remain in, and risk of loss shall remain with, Manufacturer, until the Product is delivered to Buyer~ transporter, at which time the risk of loss shall pass to Buyer. Title to the Product sh all pass upon payment of the consideration for the Products as per the payment terms set out herein. 7. Samples and Testing; Product Release; Recalls 7.1 Samples and Testing: The respective responsibilities of Manufacturer and Buyer for quality assurance and control of API, Materials and Components, bulk Product and finished Product shall be specified in the Quality Agreement. Specific sampling and testing details and schedules shall be set forth in the Manufacturing Processes for the Product. 7.2 Buyer Acceptance: Buyer or Buyer~ third party authorized representative shall have 30 (thirty) days from the receipt of the original Batch record and the appropriate samples of each batch of Product in which to review the Product documentation and to perform a v isual inspection of the samples to determine whether or not the Batch conforms to the Specifications and the Manufacturing Processes. If Buyer or Buyer~ authorized third party representative determines that a batch conforms to the Product Specifications an d the Manufacturing Processes, then Buyer shall immediately notify Manufacturer of its acceptance of such Batch (~Product Release~). If Buyer, acting reasonably, determines that a Batch does not conform to the Product Specifications, Buyer may reject such Batch by giving written notice to Manufacturer within the said 30 (thirty) day timeframe following receipt of samples from the Batch by Buyer or its authorized third party representative. Buyer must specify in detail the manner in which such Batch fails to meet the requirement thereof. 7.3 Disputes: In the event of a dispute as to whether a batch of Product fails to meet the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be immediately brought for resolution to an independent and approved testing organization of recognized repute within the pharmaceutical industry, mutually agreed upon by the parties, the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably delayed by either party. The fees and costs of the testing organization, and storage and handling of the Produ ct shall be borne by the party whose position is not sustained by the testing organization. 7.4 Replacement of Product/ Rework: If the parties agree that one or more batch of Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications or is determined as such by the independent laboratory appointed for such determination as per Article 7.3 of this Agreement (the ~Rejected Product~), Manufacturer shall replace the Product, at its own cost, within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of receipt of intimati on of rejection from Buyer. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for destruction of Rejected Product that is still in its possession and the cost thereof. Any Rejected Product which has been delivered to Buyer shall, as instructed by Manufacturer and a t Manufacturer~ sole expense, either (i) be returned to Manufacturer within a reasonable period of time or (ii) be destroyed by Buyer, all costs incurred for the destruction to be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 7.5 Recalls: Buyer shall be responsible for any recall of the Product. Manufacturer shall cooperate with Buyer in the event of any recall and provide such reasonable assistance in connection therewith as Buyer may reasonably request. (a)In the event Buyer should be required or should voluntarily de cide to initiate a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of any Product, Buyer shall notify Manufacturer in writing. In conjunction with such recall, Manufacturer shall provide reasonable assistance in any investigation reasonably required to det ermine the cause and extent of the problem causing the recall. (b) In the event that Manufacturer independently believes that a recall, Product withdrawal, or field correction of the Product may be necessary or or appropriate, Manufacturer shall notify Buy er and reasonably cooperate with Buyer concerning the necessity and nature of such action. (c) All coordination of any recall or field correction activities involving the Product shall be handled by Buyer whether or not such action was initiated by Buyer. (d) In the event that any Product is recalled as a result of (i) the Product not conforming to the Product Specifications, then Manufacturer shall bear all of the costs and expenses of such recall, including, without limitation, penalties, damages, expense s related to communications and meetings with all required regulatory agencies, expenses of replacement stock, the cost of notifying customers and costs associated with shipment of recalled Product from customers and shipment of an equal amount of replacem ent Product to those same customers (~Recall Expenses~). In the event that any Product is recalled for any other reason, then Buyer shall bear all Recall Expenses. If the reason for any recall of Product hereunder is in part the responsibility of Manufactu rer and in part the responsibility of Buyer, then the Recall Expenses shall be allocated in an equitable manner between the parties. 8. Storage; Delivery of Product 8.1 Storage: The API, Materials and Components and Product manufactured by Manufacturer s hall be stored in the Facility and transported in accordance with the standard pharmaceutical practices and any additional pharmaceutical conditions agreed between Buyer and Manufacturer from time to time. Manufacturer shall store the Product, at its cost, until such time as it receives notification of Product Release. Upon delivery of the Products to Buyer, it shall be the sole responsibility of Buyer to store the Products as per the applicable laws in the Territory. 8.2 Delivery of Product: Upon receipt of notification of Product Release, Manufacturer shall ship Product ordered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement. Buyer shall arrange for the shipment of the Product, Ex Works Buyer~ transporter. Each Batch of Product delivered by Manufacturer to Buyer shal l be accompanied by (a) a certificate of conformity which certifies that the Batch was manufactured in conformance with the Manufacturing Processes (b) a certificate of analysis for in - process testing which lists the in process tests performed by Manufacturer and sets fort h the results of those tests to assure that the Product conforms to the Product Specifications and (c) a packaging bill of materials. Manufacturer shall comply with any and all applicable laws and with any special delivery instructions (e.g., with respect to packaging, loading, insuring or shipping) provided by Buyer to Manufacturer. It is clarified that Manufacturer shall be entitled to recover additional expenses incurred by Manufacturer for compliance with special delivery instructions. Manufacturer shal l notify Buyer in writing upon shipment of Product. All Products shall be delivered by Manufacturer free and clear of any security interests, liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances of any kind or nature, except for the amounts payable to Manufacturer under this Agreement as an unpaid seller and such liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances as are created by Buyer. 8.3 The MANUFACTURER agrees and acknowledges that the Product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Pro duct shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destination of XYZ ~s customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the Product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analyzed at the port of delivery resulting in rejection of the batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then MANUFACTURER shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territor y back to its manufacturing facility. The MANUFACTURER shall also replace and deliver a new batch of Product that confirm to specification and COA at its own cost. Buyer shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods.~ 9. Records and Inspection; Regulatory Matters 9.1 Records: Manufacturer shall keep (i) such records and reports with respect to the manufacture and delivery of the Products as Buyer may reasonably request, and (ii) all records and reports with respect to the manufacture and handling of the Product as are required by applicable law. Records which include the information relating to the manufacturing, packaging and quality operation for each Batch of Product shall be prepared by Manufacturer for each Batch a t the time at which such operations occur. The records shall include, but are not limited to, the following documentation: (a) manufacturing, raw materials components charge - in records; compounding records; (including API) mixing, filling and compounding r ecords; (b) packaging component charge - in records; packaging records; container and component traceability records; in - process and final laboratory testing results; (c) in - process and final Product physical inspection results; (d) yield reconciliation for bulk and finished Product; label samples; (e) labeling control records; as well as documentation listing any deviations and/or excursions from approved procedure (as well as the Manufacturer investigation and corrective actions) incurred during the process ing and packaging of the Batch. 9.2 Inspection and Right to Audit: Buyer shall have the right, upon notice to Manufacturer of at least fifteen (15) days by Buyer, at any time during normal business hours, to enter Manufacturer~ Facility (or other related premises) and observe and inspect all aspects of Manufacturer~ business as it relates to the Product and the manufacture thereof or the provision of any services hereunder, including the right to audit the records of Manufacturer relating to manufacture of the Product for Buyer. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to observe, review and inspect (a) manufacturing processes and work practices relating to the Product and inventory of API, Materials an d Components and the Product, (b) all licenses, permits, certificates, authorizations or approvals from applicable Governmental Authorities necessary to conduct Manufacturer~ business and manufacture the Product and (c) the books and records of Manufacture r relating to the Product. 9.3 Inspection by Governmental Authorities; Inspection Reports: Manufacturer shall permit inspections of the Facility by applicable Governmental Authorities for any applicable import or export license, registration or pending registration for manufacturing of Product during the term, and, if necessary, thereafter. Manufacturer shall provide to Buyer, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof, copies of all inspection reports relating to the Fa cility or the Product. Manufacturer agrees to promptly notify Buyer of any communications to or from any Governmental Authority (including the reporting of adverse drug experiences or field alerts) which might (i) adversely affect Manufacturer~ ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) result in an inspection of the Facility or (iii) relate to the Product. 9.4 Destruction. Manufacturer shall handle and destroy the expired or damaged Products at its premises as per the procedure for disp osal of rejects laid down in the Drugs & Cosmetics Acts and Rules and the Customs Act and with the prior written consent of Buyer and in the presence of their representative. Manufacturer hereby undertakes to ensure that the rejects will be disposed of str ictly in accordance with this clause. Cost of handling and destruction of rejected materials will be paid and borne by Manufacturer. 10. Confidentiality 10.1 The parties acknowledge that in the course of performing the obligations under this Agreement, e ach party shall be exposed to or acquire information of the other party, which such party shall treat as confidential. Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information to a third party. 10.2 The parties will, at all times, maintain confidentiality regarding the contents of this Agreement and proprietary information including any business, technical or financial information that is, at the time of disclosure, designated in writing as confidential, or would be understood by the parties , exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential. 10.3 The parties agree to keep in confidence and not disclose to any third party any and all Confidential Information available to the parties, whether such information is given in writing or, is oral or visual, and whether such writing is marked to indicate the claims of ownership and/or secrecy or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that it shall not use, nor reproduce for use in any way, any Confident ial Information. The parties agree to protect the Confidential Information of the other with at least the same standard of care and procedures used by to protect its own Confidential Information of similar importance but at all times using at least a reaso nable degree of care. 10.4 If either party hires another person to assist it in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or assigns any portion of its rights or delegates any portion of its responsibilities or obligations under this Agreem ent to another person, it shall cause its assignee or delegate to be bound to retain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in the same manner as it is bound to maintain the confidentiality. 10.5 This Article 10 shall not be applicable and sh all impose no obligation on the receiving party with respect to any portion of Confidential Information which: (a) was at the time received or which thereafter becomes, through no act or failure on the part of the receiving party, generally known or availa ble to the public; (b) is known to the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by documentation then rightfully in the possession of the receiving party; (c) is furnished by others to the receiving party without restriction o f disclosure; (d) is thereafter rightfully furnished to the receiving party by a third party without restriction by that third party on disclosure; (e) has been disclosed pursuant to the requirements of law or court order without restrictions or other prot ection against public disclosure; or (f) independently developed by the receiving party without the help of the Confidential Information. 10.6 On termination of this Agreement, each party must immediately return to the other party or delete or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party and all notes and memoranda (including copies of them) containing Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control. 10.7 The provisions of this Article shall survive the termination of th is Agreement 11. Liabilities, Warranties and Indemnities 11.1 Manufacturer warrants and represents to Buyer that: a) it has the knowhow, the expertise, capacity and the equipment to carry out the supply of the Product(s) listed in Annexure - I (details to be filled) in line with current regulatory requirements. b) it shall obtain and maintain all necessary valid permits, registrations and licenses required to manufacture, store and supply the ~Product(s)~ in effect from time to time; c) Manufacturer warr ants that the Products manufactured and supplied by it shall be in accordance with the Product specification provided by Buyer and that the same shall be packed in accordance with relevant WHO cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) Schedule M standards /norms as specified by the relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable from time to time which shall be specifically provided by Buyer to Manufacturer from time to time. d) Manufacturer shall ensure that the Product(s) shall be stored in suitable condi tions to ensure their fitness and marketability. Manufacturer undertakes to dispatch the Product(s) manufactured by it to Buyer on ~first - in~ ~first - out~ basis. e) Manufacturer undertakes to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for its manufacturing facility for the Product(s) from the relevant regulatory agency, in the territory prior to manufacture and delivery of the Product(s) to Buyer and warrants that the manufacturing facility shall continue to comply with the terms of sanction of the regulatory agency including WHO cGMP Schedule M norms throughout the tenure of this Agreement. f) Manufacturer undertakes to keep Buyer indemnified and harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, fee, cost (including reasonable legal costs on solicitor/client basis), expense, suit, claim, demand, judgment and prosecution directly or indirectly arising from or incidental to or resulting from Manufacturer~s failure to comply with or discharge its obligations in relation to any adverse effect o r reaction with regard to use of the Product which can be directly/indirectly attributable to any manufacturing defect or due to breach of other obligations by Manufacturer as per the terms set out in this Agreement. g) Manufacturer shall maintain at its o wn cost a comprehensive specific insurance policy to cover the liability in respect of any defect, act or default due to which it may become liable to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement and to ensure that Buyer is endorsed as a Party to that policy Buyer may waive this condition by an express term in any of the Purchase Order. The terms and conditions of the Insurance Policy as well as the Insured value will be decided by the Parties mutually. h) Manufacturer agrees that during the subsistence of this agr eement or after the expiry of this agreement, it will not manufacture or cause to manufacture, pack, import, sell, distribute in the territory any formulations bearing the Trade Mark, getup, design, color scheme similar to any of the said Product(s) either by them or through their men, agents or sister concerns or through companies individually in which business interest is involved. i) Manufacturer shall be responsible for and pay all taxes and other governmental charges, whether now or hereafter in effect , imposed upon the manufacture or delivery of the Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement. Manufacturer shall be solely responsible for payment of all taxes and duties on the amounts received or to be received from Buyer. All other taxes and governmental charges incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party responsible therefore under the Applicable Law. j) The Products supplied by the Manufacturer shall have 85% remaining shelf life at the time of delivery. 11.2 Buyer warrants and represents to Manufacturer that it shall obtain and maintain all necessary permits, registrations and licenses required to store, distribute and sale the Product(s) in the Territory from time to time. 11.4 The obligations of this Article will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 12. Intellectual Property Rights 12.1 It is hereby agreed that the packaging material for the Product(s) to be manufactured and supplied by Manufacturer to Buyer shall bear such get up, color comb ination, design scheme and Trade Marks as will be designed and specified by Buyer. Similarly, all labeling in respect of such Product(s) shall be done in accordance with the requirements specified by Buyer in this regard and Buyer shall ensure that it shal l comply with all Laws, Regulations and Rules etc. which regulate the same. It is however agreed between the Parties that the Manufacturer~ name shall appear on the labels or such other places in respect of the Product(s) only if required under any legal r equirement to specify that the Product(s) has been manufactured by Manufacturer for and on behalf of Buyer. 12.2 All rights, titles and interest in the trade marks including artistic work thereof appearing on the Product(s) or cartons etc., shall always v est with Buyer and Manufacturer shall not at any point of time acquire any right, title or interest in such trade mark except the right to affix such mark as required under this Agreement. Further Manufacturer hereby agrees that no part of this information about the Product(s), formulation, process, or other details shall be provided to any other persons in any circumstances whatsoever either by them or through its employees. 12.3 New Intellectual Property Rights and goodwill created in respect of the Prod uct(s), the rights on the Marketing Authorization for the Product(s) are and shall remain vested in Buyer at all times. 12.4 Manufacturer shall promptly notify Buyer if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall become aware that a ny Person is infringing or using unlawfully any Intellectual Property Rights owned by Buyer or by a third party and licensed to Buyer and used in connection with the Product. The parties shall co - operate with and render all assistance to each other in the event that Buyer or the third party owner of such Intellectual Property Rights shall decide at its own cost to take action with respect to the infringement or unlawful use of any Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer. 13. Term and Termination 13.1 Term. The initial term (the ~Initial Term~) of this Agreement shall end on 18 - May - 2024 . This Agreement may be renewed further with written mutual consent of the parties. 13.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party (i) by sixty days written notice if there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching par ty prior to the expiration of such sixty days period. (ii) by written notice upon any distribution of assets, receivership, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, reorganization, composition, dissolution, liquidation or any other mars halling of the assets or liabilities of the other party; (iii) 13.3 Buyer is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material breach of its obligations by Manufacturer. 13.4 Effects of Termination (a) Termination of this Agreement for an y reason shall not discharge either party~s liability for obligations incurred hereunder and amounts unpaid at the time of such termination. Buyer shall pay Manufacturer for any finished Product ordered by Buyer prior to termination. Buyer shall also pay M anufacturer for any API, packaging, work in progress and raw materials (ordered by Manufacturer) that were to be used in the manufacture of the Product hereunder and that are in Manufacturer possession upon termination of the Agreement. Manufacturer shall return unused API and packaging material to Buyer. (b) If, upon the termination (other than termination by Buyer for a material breach of Manufacturer (i) or expiration of this Agreement, Manufacturer shall be in the process of manufacturing Product reques ted by Buyer pursuant to a written purchase order delivered to Manufacturer, Manufacturer shall be entitled to finish, deliver and receive payment for the Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but shall not thereafter manufacture any Prod uct. Except as required to be used in connection with the previous sentence, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement Manufacturer shall promptly deliver to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer~ instructions, all records in process or otherwise not yet delivered to Buyer. (c) Neither party shall be deemed to have breached any obligation to the other by terminating or not renewing this Agreement and neither party shall have nay claim against the other based solely upon any such termination or nonrenew al. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall have any right or claim of reimbursement, indemnity or compensation whatsoever against the other (including, without limitation, for any loss of goodwill, customers or profits or of any expenses incurred or to be incurred either prior to or upon the termination or expiration hereof, or salaries and/or termination benefits of employees and the like) based upon any termination or non - renewal of this Agreement. 14. Non - Compete During t he terms of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination, Manufacturer shall not provide or attempt to provide (or advise others of the opportunity to provide), directly or indirectly, any Services or approach to any Client of Buyer. For the purposes of this Agreement, ~Client~ includes any entity for whom Buyer and/or Manufacturer provides or seeks to provide Services consequent to this Agreement, and any other entity that Buyer introduces Manufacturer to in an effort to pr ovide services under this agreement. If this covenant is breached, Manufacturer agrees that Buyer is eligible for injunctive relief against such conduct by Manufacturer, and further that the Manufacturer will be liable to pay Buyer an amount assessed by Bu yer to make up for the damages caused to it by such action of the Manufacturer. 15. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Manufacturer shall fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Buyer and its directors, officers, employees, agents, stockholder s and Affiliates (collectively, - Indemnified Parties) from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney~s fees and c osts), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of, relate to or result from (1) any breach of any representation or warranty of Manufacturer contained in this Agreement, (2) any breach of any covenant or other obligation or duty Manuf acturer under this Agreement or under applicable law, in each case whether or not caused by the negligence of Buyer or any other Indemnified Party and whether or not the relevant Claim has merit. Buyer shall be liable to the extent of the direct damage/def ault caused by Buyer hereunder. Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect and/or consequential damages, under this Agreement. 15. Assignment This agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred to any third pa rty, whole or in part by either party without prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate. No written consent is required if the transfer becomes necessary due to restructuring within either parties group companies. 16. Force Majeure 16.1 A party is not liable for failure to perform any of its obligations (other than payment obligations) if it proved that the failure was due to an impediment beyond its reasonable control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have tak en the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this Agreement or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences. 16.2 Such impediments shall include, but shall not be limited to, war (either declared or undeclared), insurrection, riot, civil unrest, or any executive, regulatory or legislative act done by or on behalf of a de jure or de facto government, which prevent fulfillment of this contract in whole or part. 16.3 The party which fails to perform must give notice to the other party of the impediment and its effect on, its ability to perform. If the notice is not given by the party failing to perform within reasonable time after that party knew or ought to have known of the impediment, it is liable for damages resul ting from such failure to perform. 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed in all respects by the laws of India. The courts of Mumbai alone and no other courts shall be entitled to entertain and try any dispute or matter relating to or arising out of this Agreement. 18. Dispute Resolution If any question of dispute shall at any time during the term or thereafter arise between the Parties with respect to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged m aterial breach of any provision of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder, or regarding any question including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by either Party has been legitimate, then the Parties shall attempt to settle such dispute amicably between them. In the event that such dispute has not been amicably settled within sixty (60) days, then such a question or dispute shall be referred to the arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the A rbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 to be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed jointly by the Parties. In the event of the parties not being able to concur on the appointment of a sole arbitrator then such sole arbitrator to be appointed as per the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The precise location of the arbitration shall be within Mumbai and all proceedings of such arbitration, including without limitation, any agreements or awards, shall be in the English language. 19. Notices Any notice or request required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement or the subject matter hereof of either party hereto shall .be deemed to be sufficiently served for all purposes hereof if sent initially by fa csimile/email, then also by Registered First Class mail postage prepaid, or registered air mail or by air courier addressed to the party to be notified at the address shown at the beginning of this Agreement or such other address as may be furnished from t ime to time in writing to the notifying party. 20. Entire Understanding This Agreement and the Schedules annexed hereto embody the entire understanding of the parties and it overrides or supersedes all or any prior representations, understandings or implic ations made by either party at any time whether orally or in writing. 21. Unenforceable Provision If any provision of this Agreement is held by any Court or other competent authority to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue to be valid as to the other provisions thereof and the remainder of the affected provision. 22. Amendments No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 23. Counterpart s This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which, taken together, constitutes one and the same instrument. 24. Survival of Obligations Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly, or by its nature, imposes obligations beyond the expiration, or termination of this Agreement, shall survive such expiration or termination. 25. Waiver No failure or delay on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement relating to the exercise of any right power privilege or remedy provided under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right power privilege or remedy or as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach by the other party to this Agreement nor shall any right power privilege o r remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such or any other right power privilege or remedy provided in this Agreement all of which are several and cumulative and are not exclusive of each other or of any other rights or remedies otherwise availab le to a party at law or in equity. 26. Violation of terms The parties agree that each party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order, right for recovery, suit for specific performance or such other equitable relief as a court of competent jur isdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain the other party from committing any violation or enforce the performance of the covenants, obligations and representations contained in this Agreement. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and are in addition to any other rights and remedies the parties may have at law or in equity, including without limitation a right for recovery of the amounts due under this Agreement and related costs and a right for damages. 27. Supply The Manufacturer agrees and acknowledges that the product shall be dispatched along with the Certificate of Analysis (~COA~~) and that the Product shall confirm to the specification and Certificate of Analysis at all times including the time when it reaches the port of destinati on of XYZ ~s Customers for further analysis thereon. In the event if the product does not meet the specifications in the COA upon being analysed at the port of delivery resulting in the rejection of batch by the Customs or such other Authorities in the Territory, then Manufacturer shall at its expense take delivery of such non - confirming batch of goods from the Territory back to its manufacturing facility. The Manufacturer shall also replace and deliver a new batch of product that confirm to specificatio ns and COA at its own cost. XYZ Animal Health L imited shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for such non - confirming goods. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, duly authorized representatives of Manufacturer and Buyer have signed this Agreement as of the date last written below. XYZ ANIMAL HEALTH LIMITED JKL LIFESCIENCES LTD Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: Witness: Witness: Name: Name: Title: Title: Date: Date: ', 'entities': [{'start': 104, 'end': 120, 'label': 'Start DateD1E0B55FD5554E26AA3C5FA2377BAB01', 'fieldMappingID': 'e6f2a1e4-624d-4c4b-a3ef-70e0a3bb5e2a'}, {'start': 35544, 'end': 35558, 'label': 'End Date5468B317B6CC40C8A5D2BB5B2ABEEF78', 'fieldMappingID': 'f2a1368d-f1c4-4f93-9f6b-824f36560a63'}, {'start': 130, 'end': 154, 'label': 'First Party9F9FC7E7FF3547B297FF26A799585B1C', 'fieldMappingID': 'ad676fe2-270b-47ac-b65e-e73bb4937e6d'}, {'start': 35662, 'end': 36422, 'label': 'Termination RightsE7174091A4F046DCA106E181F133CF56', 'fieldMappingID': '454fcffa-1389-419d-ada3-6fd56232384f'}, {'start': 38, 'end': 69, 'label': 'Document Title77BC93C0116248F1BA458DA55EEFC4FF', 'fieldMappingID': 'a38a267c-ebba-40f8-aca6-1433f50baeb4'}, {'start': 35562, 'end': 35641, 'label': 'Renewal Special TermsFC16075878BE4971ADF1D55EBD59E760', 'fieldMappingID': '0f196d86-7c7c-45f4-a7d5-0c2eb2e98125'}, {'start': 582, 'end': 605, 'label': 'Second Party810252EC08224B83B7DF37228DC35DD2', 'fieldMappingID': '62dd06e2-4e95-42ec-9b94-7e216defcfab'}], 'fileID': '3a9d4fc7-1dca-40e2-b87c-f784af948054'}], 'userID': '4ffe1ef4-e03a-4c4c-9067-05f009eee066', 'contractID': '987185e0-3135-417d-8a22-5b4cd0272d62', 'trainingType': 'Train'}}
{'userEmail': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType-': 'Info', 'message': 'Respective files status are updated successfully. ', 'MethodName': 'TrainModel'}
{'UserEmail-': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType': 'Info', 'Message': 'Model directory created successfully.', 'MethodName': 'backgroundTrainingProcess2'}
{'UserEmail-': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType': 'Info', 'Message': 'Splitting data for training and testing is completed. ', 'MethodName': 'toSpacy'}
{'UserEmail-': 'ganesh.motekar@pluraltechnology.com', 'LogType': 'Info', 'Message': 'Spacy training started....', 'MethodName': 'Train-py'}